# diffusion-simulator
Diffusion visualisation in Unity

It is currently in an early Alpha phase. It works somewhat, but is far from what I desire (it is possible that what I wanted is not technically possible with the approach I chose). A pair water-chlorine works quite nice, the rest is not that good. At the moment, it barely even simulates diffusion, but I hope that with some tweaks to the parameters of the algorithms I coded it could be improved (it should be noted that I value here the 'bueaty' of the process more than the actual physical accuracy). It is particularly bad in simulating solids and dense liquids (e.g. mercury), though they were not my main interest, anyway. The simulator is heavy on CPU and some optimization would be welcome. The cubes that I called interpolationObjects and which are supposed to create a macroscopic representation of the physical system should ideally be at least close to being continuous visually (without all these gaps), but it needs to be done in a manner that is both aesthetically pleasing and light on computation.

The sole purpose of the project was to begin experimenting more with coding and to start doing some fun little projects in Unity that I would find both enjoyable (in creating) and beneficial to my development, as a future Computer Science student (as of June 2023). As for now, I will move to some new projects that will help me explore another coding possibilites and skills, but I want to return to the project someday, for sure.
